high priority class name recommendation (#4178)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-production.md

For an existing Dapr deployment, [you can enable HA mode in a few extra steps]({{< ref "#enabling-high-availability-in-an-existing-dapr-deployment" >}}).

> ## Cluster Critical Priority Class Name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting cluster critical priority class name for control plane services
```

> In some scenarios, there might be memory and/or cpu pressure on nodes and the Dapr control plane pods might get selected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some scenarios, nodes may have memory and/or cpu pressure and the Dapr control plane pods might get selected
```

> for eviction. To help preventing this, you can set a critical priority class name for the Dapr control plane pods. This will ensure that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for eviction. To prevent this, you can set a critical priority class name for the Dapr control plane pods. This ensures that
```

the Dapr control plane pods are not evicted unless all other pods with lower priority are evicted.

> More information on Protecting Missiong-Critical Pods can be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/01/12/protect-mission-critical-pods-priorityclass/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about [Protecting Mission-Critical Pods](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/01/12/protect-mission-critical-pods-priorityclass/).
```

There are two built-in critical priority classes in Kubernetes:

> - system-cluster-critical

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `system-cluster-critical`
```

> - system-node-critical (highest priority)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `system-node-critical` (highest priority)
```

> We recommend to set the priorityClassName to `system-cluster-critical` for the Dapr control plane pods.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's recommended to set the `priorityClassName` to `system-cluster-critical` for the Dapr control plane pods.  
```

Reviewer 2: just adding a note that we try to avoid first person plural 'we' in the Dapr docs.

> For a new Dapr deployment, `system-cluster-critical` priority class mode can be set via the helm value `global.priorityClassName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a new Dapr control plane deployment, the `system-cluster-critical` priority class mode can be set via the helm value `global.priorityClassName`.
```

> For a new Dapr deployment, this priority class can be set with both the Dapr CLI and Helm charts, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This priority class can be set with both the Dapr CLI and Helm charts, 
```

> For a new Dapr deployment, this priority class can be set with both, the Dapr CLI and Helm charts 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a new Dapr deployment, this priority class can be set with both the Dapr CLI and Helm charts, 
```

using the helm `--set global.priorityClassName=system-cluster-critical` argument.

> #### Dapr version < 1.14

Reviewer: Question. Why version 1.14 and below? What is different from 1.14 onwards, is this set for you by default? It does not say.

Author: the 1.14 chart now adds this [automatically](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/commit/199bcf4e198b247bf0f259562e02c97064cb378e) for the user.

> For versions of Dapr < 1.14, it's recommended that you add a `ResourceQuota` to the Dapr control plane namespace. This prevents 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For versions of Dapr below v1.14, it's recommended that you add a `ResourceQuota` to the Dapr control plane namespace. This prevents 
```

> For versions of Dapr < 1.14, it is recommended that you add a `ResourceQuota` to the dapr control plane namespace to prevent 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For versions of Dapr < 1.14, it's recommended that you add a `ResourceQuota` to the Dapr control plane namespace. This prevents 
```

> problems scheduling pods [if the cluster has been configured](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/#limit-priority-class-consumption-by-default ) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
problems associated with scheduling pods [where the cluster may be configured](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/#limit-priority-class-consumption-by-default ) 
```

> with limitations on which pods can be assigned these high priority classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with limitations on which pods can be assigned high priority classes.
```

> with limitations on which pods can be assigned high priority classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with limitations on which pods can be assigned high priority classes. For v1.14 onwards the Helm chart adds this automatically.
```

> If you have dapr installed in namespace `dapr-system`, you can create a `ResourceQuota` with the following content:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have Dapr installed in namespace `dapr-system`, you can create a `ResourceQuota` with the following content:
```
